Twain Toussaint
Web Development
Module 1
What is Code Reflection

1. In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a keyboard? (150 words max)
a. When the keys are pressed, they generate a code / electric signal which is given to the CPU. The signal gets translated into a code for the keys that were pressed. Then it is programmed for display, which finally the monitor shows the letters typed.
2. In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250 words max)
a. A computer uses input to process information and uses output to display that processed info.
3. Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150 words max)
a. From my understanding, software products are “infinitely reproductible nothings” because software are mainly binary codes. Just a bunch of 1’s and 0’s. Nothing about software is physical.
4. Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max)
a. Code becomes software by being parsed and then compiled into an object.
5. Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max)
a. Algorithms are formulas or procedures that are used to solve problems, or in our case create codes.
6. Explain the DRY principle. (100 words max)
a. The DRY method is to help reduce repetition of code; therefore, you can use reusable code.
7. In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max)
a. Object-oriented programming is a way for objects to interact with each other.
8. In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max)
a. Data is information that are entered into an application. Data relates to code because code gives instructions on what to do with the data.
9. What is a framework? (150 words max)
a. Framework is a platform used for developing applications.
10. What is debugging? (150 words max)
a. Debugging is a process used for removing and detecting potential errors in codes.
11. Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to code? (500 words max)
o Coding can be a lot of work, but the finish line is always satisfying. I get a lot of joy understanding how things are created and even more joy creating things. I have an artistic background, so when I created an art piece, I get super happy looking at the finishing touches. 
